Add udev example rule for WebHID (#7141)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/hid/index.md

  <figcaption>Internal page in Chrome to debug HID.</figcaption>
</figure>

On most Linux systems, HID devices are mapped with read-only permissions by

> default. To allow Chrome to open a HID device, you will need to add a new [udev

Author: https://web.dev/hid/ uses "a HID" everywhere.

> default. To allow Chrome to open a HID device, you will need to add a new [udev

Reviewer: Then please correct it everywhere.

> default. To allow Chrome to open a HID device, you will need to add a new [udev

Author: I'll do that in a separate PR if that's okay with you.

> default. To allow Chrome to open a HID device, you will need to add a new [udev

Reviewer: OK, but please do it soon.

rule]. Create a file at `/etc/udev/rules.d/50-yourdevicename.rules` with the
following content:

```vim
KERNEL=="hidraw*", ATTRS{idVendor}=="[yourdevicevendor]", MODE="0664", GROUP="plugdev"
```

> where `[yourdevicevendor]` is `057e` if your device is a Nintendo Switch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the line above, `[yourdevicevendor]` is `057e` if your device is a Nintendo Switch
```

(To make it a complete sentence.)

Author: This is following `Create a file at `/etc/udev/rules.d/50-yourdevicename.rules` with the
following content:`

Reviewer 2: I know. Like that both are complete sentences. I prefer this still rather than broken up sentences. But your call.

Author: I've edited post then. Thanks!

> Joy-Con for instance. `ATTRS{idProduct}` can also be added for a more specific

Author: It is explained earlier. See You can get those from https://web.dev/hid/#:~:text=You%20can%20get%20those%20from
